--External Stage--
CREATE or replace STAGE my_azure_stage_SAS 
URL = 'azure://chinmaydatabricks.blob.core.windows.net/database/training_file/'
CREDENTIALS = (AZURE_SAS_TOKEN = 'sp=racwlme&st=2023-07-04T08:42:51Z&se=2023-07-08T16:42:51Z&spr=https&sv=2022-11-02&sr=c&sig=4WBieMjnMY0rJIxIYcgbYOrtkF2uSE4pIk8daG7kogc%3D');


list @my_azure_stage_SAS/;

  
--BULK COPY--
CREATE OR REPLACE TABLE PIM_TAXONOMY
(
pim_item_surrogate_key INT,
itid STRING,
hsi_item_number STRING,
country_code STRING,
erp_code STRING,
primary_taxonomy_description STRING,
primary_taxonomy_structure STRING,
primary_taxonomy_level_01_code STRING,
primary_taxonomy_level_01_description STRING,
primary_taxonomy_level_02_code STRING,
primary_taxonomy_level_02_description STRING,
primary_taxonomy_level_03_code STRING,
primary_taxonomy_level_03_description STRING,
primary_taxonomy_level_04_code STRING,
primary_taxonomy_level_04_description STRING,
primary_taxonomy_level_05_code STRING,
primary_taxonomy_level_05_description STRING,
primary_taxonomy_level_06_code STRING,
primary_taxonomy_level_06_description STRING,
unspc_taxonomy_description STRING,
unspc_taxonomy_structure STRING,
unspc_taxonomy_level_01_code STRING,
unspc_taxonomy_level_01_description STRING,
unspc_taxonomy_level_02_code STRING,
unspc_taxonomy_level_02_description STRING,
unspc_taxonomy_level_03_code STRING,
unspc_taxonomy_level_03_description STRING,
unspc_taxonomy_level_04_code STRING,
unspc_taxonomy_level_04_description STRING,
unspc_taxonomy_level_05_code STRING,
unspc_taxonomy_level_05_description STRING,
unspc_taxonomy_level_06_code STRING,
unspc_taxonomy_level_06_description STRING,
medical_taxonomy_description STRING,
medical_taxonomy_structure STRING,
medical_taxonomy_level_01_code STRING,
medical_taxonomy_level_01_description STRING,
medical_taxonomy_level_02_code STRING,
medical_taxonomy_level_02_description STRING,
medical_taxonomy_level_03_code STRING,
medical_taxonomy_level_03_description STRING,
medical_taxonomy_level_04_code STRING,
medical_taxonomy_level_04_description STRING,
medical_taxonomy_level_05_code STRING,
medical_taxonomy_level_05_description STRING,
medical_taxonomy_level_06_code STRING,
medical_taxonomy_level_06_description STRING,
dental_taxonomy_description STRING,
dental_taxonomy_structure STRING,
dental_taxonomy_level_01_code STRING,
dental_taxonomy_level_01_description STRING,
dental_taxonomy_level_02_code STRING,
dental_taxonomy_level_02_description STRING,
dental_taxonomy_level_03_code STRING,
dental_taxonomy_level_03_description STRING,
dental_taxonomy_level_04_code STRING,
dental_taxonomy_level_04_description STRING,
dental_taxonomy_level_05_code STRING,
dental_taxonomy_level_05_description STRING,
dental_taxonomy_level_06_code STRING,
dental_taxonomy_level_06_description STRING,
special_market_taxonomy_description STRING,
special_market_taxonomy_structure STRING,
special_market_taxonomy_level_01_code STRING,
special_market_taxonomy_level_01_description STRING,
special_market_taxonomy_level_02_code STRING,
special_market_taxonomy_level_02_description STRING,
special_market_taxonomy_level_03_code STRING,
special_market_taxonomy_level_03_description STRING,
special_market_taxonomy_level_04_code STRING,
special_market_taxonomy_level_04_description STRING,
special_market_taxonomy_level_05_code STRING,
special_market_taxonomy_level_05_description STRING,
special_market_taxonomy_level_06_code STRING,
special_market_taxonomy_level_06_description STRING,
lab_taxonomy_description STRING,
lab_taxonomy_structure STRING,
lab_taxonomy_level_01_code STRING,
lab_taxonomy_level_01_description STRING,
lab_taxonomy_level_02_code STRING,
lab_taxonomy_level_02_description STRING,
lab_taxonomy_level_03_code STRING,
lab_taxonomy_level_03_description STRING,
lab_taxonomy_level_04_code STRING,
lab_taxonomy_level_04_description STRING,
lab_taxonomy_level_05_code STRING,
lab_taxonomy_level_05_description STRING,
lab_taxonomy_level_06_code STRING,
lab_taxonomy_level_06_description STRING,
reporting_flag STRING,
insert_date STRING,
update_date STRING,
load_id INT
);

list @my_azure_stage_SAS/training_files/CSV_extra/;

--querying staged table--
select $1,$2,$3 from @my_azure_stage_SAS/training_files/CSV_file limit 100;--querying csv file

copy into PIM_TAXONOMY from @my_azure_stage_SAS/training_files/CSV_extra/
file_format=my_csv_format;

select * from PIM_TAXONOMY limit 100;


SELECT *
FROM information_schema.load_history
WHERE schema_name=current_schema()
and last_load_time>'2023-07-04 01:12:00 -0530';

list @my_azure_stage_SAS/training_files/deleted_files/;
remove @my_azure_stage_SAS/training_files/deleted_files/Local_Loaded_File.csv;
remove @%table_staged pattern='.*jun.*';



